In Assignment #3	we need to perform following task:

a.Study about the Egg Hunter shellcode
b.Create a working demo of the Egghunter
c.Should be configurable for different payloads	

a. Study about the Egg Hunter shellcode
 
Egg Hunting: Egg hunting is a technique used to search Virtual Address Space (VAS) for pattern referred to by Egg that usually marks 
the start of our desired payload. If we hit an unallocated memory while searching for that pattern we may experience that ,the process 
will SIGSEGV leading to a crash.To prevent this kind of behavior we may abuse the system syscall to hunt for our egg without crashing.
 
The "egg-hunter" is a form of staged shellcode that is useful when we can inject a large payload into a process but aren't sure where 
in memory it will end up. If we can get the instruction pointer to point to a smaller, hunter code, 
we can search memory to find the main payload, which is prepended with a small tag of bytes (the egg).

There is a great resource for egg hunter theory/implementation at http://www.hick.org/code/skape/papers/egghunt-shellcode.pdf.

There are 3 conditions that are important in order for this technique to work:

1. We must be able to jump to (jmp, call, push/ret) & execute “some” shellcode.  The amount of available buffer space can be relatively 
small,because it will only contain the so-called “egg hunter”.  The egg hunter code must be available in a predictable location (so we can 
reliably jump to it & execute it).
2. The final shellcode must be available somewhere in memory (stack/heap/…).
3. We must “tag” or prepend the final shellcode with a unique string/marker/tag. The initial shellcode (the small “egg hunter”) will step 
through memory, looking for this marker.When it finds it, it will start executing the code that is placed right after the marker using a 
jmp or call instruction.This means that we will have to define the marker in the egg hunter code, and also write it just in front of the 
actual shellcode.
